iteration 1time1 Training over
iteration 1time1 Testing over
iteration 1time1 Expansion over
iteration 2time1 Training over
iteration 2time1 Testing over
iteration 2time1 Expansion over
iteration 3time1 Training over
iteration 3time1 Testing over
iteration 3time1 Expansion over
iteration 4time1 Training over
iteration 4time1 Testing over
iteration 4time1 Expansion over
iteration 5time1 Training over
iteration 5time1 Testing over
iteration 5time1 Expansion over
iteration 6time1 Training over
iteration 6time1 Testing over
iteration 6time1 Expansion over
iteration 7time1 Training over
iteration 7time1 Testing over
iteration 7time1 Expansion over
iteration 8time1 Training over
iteration 8time1 Testing over
iteration 8time1 Expansion over
iteration 9time1 Training over
iteration1 Accuracy= 53.5714 iteration11 Accuracy= 74.2647
iteration 1time2 Training over
iteration 1time2 Testing over
iteration 1time2 Expansion over
iteration 2time2 Training over
iteration 2time2 Testing over
iteration 2time2 Expansion over
iteration 3time2 Training over
iteration 3time2 Testing over
iteration 3time2 Expansion over
iteration 4time2 Training over
iteration 4time2 Testing over
iteration 4time2 Expansion over
iteration 5time2 Training over
iteration 5time2 Testing over
iteration 5time2 Expansion over
iteration 6time2 Training over
iteration 6time2 Testing over
iteration 6time2 Expansion over
iteration 7time2 Training over
iteration 7time2 Testing over
iteration 7time2 Expansion over
iteration 8time2 Training over
iteration 8time2 Testing over
iteration 8time2 Expansion over
iteration 9time2 Training over
iteration1 Accuracy= 74.2647 iteration11 Accuracy= 88.6889
iteration 1time3 Training over
iteration 1time3 Testing over
iteration 1time3 Expansion over
iteration 2time3 Training over
iteration 2time3 Testing over
iteration 2time3 Expansion over
iteration 3time3 Training over
iteration 3time3 Testing over
iteration 3time3 Expansion over
iteration 4time3 Training over
iteration 4time3 Testing over
iteration 4time3 Expansion over
iteration 5time3 Training over
iteration 5time3 Testing over
iteration 5time3 Expansion over
iteration 6time3 Training over
iteration 6time3 Testing over
iteration 6time3 Expansion over
iteration 7time3 Training over
iteration 7time3 Testing over
iteration 7time3 Expansion over
iteration 8time3 Training over
iteration 8time3 Testing over
iteration 8time3 Expansion over
iteration 9time3 Training over
iteration1 Accuracy= 88.6889 iteration11 Accuracy= 94.4158
iteration 1time4 Training over
iteration 1time4 Testing over
iteration 1time4 Expansion over
iteration 2time4 Training over
iteration 2time4 Testing over
iteration 2time4 Expansion over
iteration 3time4 Training over
iteration 3time4 Testing over
iteration 3time4 Expansion over
iteration 4time4 Training over
iteration 4time4 Testing over
iteration 4time4 Expansion over
iteration 5time4 Training over
iteration 5time4 Testing over
iteration 5time4 Expansion over
iteration 6time4 Training over
iteration 6time4 Testing over
iteration 6time4 Expansion over
iteration 7time4 Training over
iteration 7time4 Testing over
iteration 7time4 Expansion over
iteration 8time4 Training over
iteration 8time4 Testing over
iteration 8time4 Expansion over
iteration 9time4 Training over
iteration1 Accuracy= 94.4158 iteration11 Accuracy= 94.838
iteration 1time5 Training over
iteration 1time5 Testing over
iteration 1time5 Expansion over
iteration 2time5 Training over
iteration 2time5 Testing over
iteration 2time5 Expansion over
iteration 3time5 Training over
iteration 3time5 Testing over
iteration 3time5 Expansion over
iteration 4time5 Training over
iteration 4time5 Testing over
iteration 4time5 Expansion over
iteration 5time5 Training over
iteration 5time5 Testing over
iteration 5time5 Expansion over
iteration 6time5 Training over
iteration 6time5 Testing over
iteration 6time5 Expansion over
iteration 7time5 Training over
iteration 7time5 Testing over
iteration 7time5 Expansion over
iteration 8time5 Training over
iteration 8time5 Testing over
iteration 8time5 Expansion over
iteration 9time5 Training over
iteration1 Accuracy= 94.838 iteration11 Accuracy= 93.0108
PROCESS OVER
