iteration 1time1 Training over
iteration 1time1 Testing over
iteration 1time1 Expansion over
iteration 2time1 Training over
iteration 2time1 Testing over
iteration 2time1 Expansion over
iteration 3time1 Training over
iteration 3time1 Testing over
iteration 3time1 Expansion over
iteration 4time1 Training over
iteration 4time1 Testing over
iteration 4time1 Expansion over
iteration 5time1 Training over
iteration 5time1 Testing over
iteration 5time1 Expansion over
iteration 6time1 Training over
iteration 6time1 Testing over
iteration 6time1 Expansion over
iteration 7time1 Training over
iteration 7time1 Testing over
iteration 7time1 Expansion over
iteration 8time1 Training over
iteration 8time1 Testing over
iteration 8time1 Expansion over
iteration 9time1 Training over
iteration 9time1 Testing over
iteration 9time1 Expansion over
iteration 10time1 Training over
iteration 10time1 Testing over
iteration 10time1 Expansion over
iteration 11time1 Training over
iteration1 Accuracy= 84.5361 iteration11 Accuracy= 93.3735
iteration 1time12 Training over
iteration 1time12 Testing over
iteration 1time12 Expansion over
iteration 2time12 Training over
iteration 2time12 Testing over
iteration 2time12 Expansion over
iteration 3time12 Training over
iteration 3time12 Testing over
iteration 3time12 Expansion over
iteration 4time12 Training over
iteration 4time12 Testing over
iteration 4time12 Expansion over
iteration 5time12 Training over
iteration 5time12 Testing over
iteration 5time12 Expansion over
iteration 6time12 Training over
iteration 6time12 Testing over
iteration 6time12 Expansion over
iteration 7time12 Training over
iteration 7time12 Testing over
iteration 7time12 Expansion over
iteration 8time12 Training over
iteration 8time12 Testing over
iteration 8time12 Expansion over
iteration 9time12 Training over
iteration 9time12 Testing over
iteration 9time12 Expansion over
iteration 10time12 Training over
iteration 10time12 Testing over
iteration 10time12 Expansion over
iteration 11time12 Training over
iteration1 Accuracy= 93.3735 iteration11 Accuracy= 98.8772
iteration 1time123 Training over
iteration 1time123 Testing over
iteration 1time123 Expansion over
iteration 2time123 Training over
iteration 2time123 Testing over
iteration 2time123 Expansion over
iteration 3time123 Training over
iteration 3time123 Testing over
iteration 3time123 Expansion over
iteration 4time123 Training over
iteration 4time123 Testing over
iteration 4time123 Expansion over
iteration 5time123 Training over
iteration 5time123 Testing over
iteration 5time123 Expansion over
iteration 6time123 Training over
iteration 6time123 Testing over
iteration 6time123 Expansion over
iteration 7time123 Training over
iteration 7time123 Testing over
iteration 7time123 Expansion over
iteration 8time123 Training over
iteration 8time123 Testing over
iteration 8time123 Expansion over
iteration 9time123 Training over
iteration 9time123 Testing over
iteration 9time123 Expansion over
iteration 10time123 Training over
iteration 10time123 Testing over
iteration 10time123 Expansion over
iteration 11time123 Training over
iteration1 Accuracy= 98.8772 iteration11 Accuracy= 99.3185
iteration 1time1234 Training over
iteration 1time1234 Testing over
iteration 1time1234 Expansion over
iteration 2time1234 Training over
iteration 2time1234 Testing over
iteration 2time1234 Expansion over
iteration 3time1234 Training over
iteration 3time1234 Testing over
iteration 3time1234 Expansion over
iteration 4time1234 Training over
iteration 4time1234 Testing over
iteration 4time1234 Expansion over
iteration 5time1234 Training over
iteration 5time1234 Testing over
iteration 5time1234 Expansion over
iteration 6time1234 Training over
iteration 6time1234 Testing over
iteration 6time1234 Expansion over
iteration 7time1234 Training over
iteration 7time1234 Testing over
iteration 7time1234 Expansion over
iteration 8time1234 Training over
iteration 8time1234 Testing over
iteration 8time1234 Expansion over
iteration 9time1234 Training over
iteration 9time1234 Testing over
iteration 9time1234 Expansion over
iteration 10time1234 Training over
iteration 10time1234 Testing over
iteration 10time1234 Expansion over
iteration 11time1234 Training over
iteration1 Accuracy= 99.3185 iteration11 Accuracy= 98.1413
PROCESS OVER
